#summary Stuff that needs to be tuned/fixed.

=Revision 219=

==Features==
  * Queueing of multiple unit pre-bought launches.
  * Make stun targetable, instead of area.
  * Make haste targetable on squads (not units), instead of area.
  * DONE Keep ability open after a single usage (more like mode)?
  * Message feedback for can't afford tower.
  * Cooldown on haste/stun?
  * Towers need visual queues to tell what type they are.

==Tuning==
  * DONE Map - Less togetherness of path at the end.
  * DONE Stun - Slightly more expensive.

==Bugs==
  * FIXED Emitter deducts money when units are in countdown queue.
  * State issues with lobby.
  * Shield FX sometimes full alpha when shot with painter tower.


=Revision 206=

==Tuning==
  * DONE Attacker flooding early, need less credits & lower infusions early. (now 50/1000)
  * DONE Attacker starved at end, need larger end infusions (was 100/500). (now 50/1000)
  * Attacker build times a bit too lengthy late, lower slightly.
  * DONE Defender painter tower needs to be less effective or more expensive. (now 1/3 of previous effectiveness)
  
==Enhancements/Modifications==
  * DONE Attacker abilities should use credits instead of mana.
  * Defend GUI, keep tower settings between placements.
  * Towers need visual queues to tell what type they are.
  * DONE Higher strength towers should be physically larger.
  * DONE Change sliders to buttons, 1-5.
  * DONE FOV relatively unused, remove slider & make static for tower types?
  * Game mode/Game state handling between rounds.
  


=Revision 176=

==Tuning==
 * DONE Emitter - Faster launch times.
 * DONE Emitter - Minimum launch speed faster.
 * DONE Emitter - Controls squad color, instead of each unit?
 * Tower - Strength max cost higher. Remove strength altogether?
 * Tower - Color changing needs to be more expensive and take longer.
 * DONE Tower - Decrease painter effectiveness. Only effects point units?
 * DONE Map - Need to be larger scale.

==Bugs==
 * FIXED Units are attack-able before the reach the start point.
 * FIXED Emitter preview unit sometimes isn't modifiable with the UI.
 * Game state not completely reset at game end.