#summary A brain dump.
== PUZZLE MODE ==

Colors as a function idea:
Units can deploy (or splat area) leave zones that have the following effects on nearby units. Deploying stops unit?
 * Yellow = Bounce
 * Blue = Safe landing / Stick.
 * Red = Speed up
 * Green = Shield
 * Magenta = Reflect 
 * Orange = 

On enemy:
 * Yellow = Bounce
 * Blue = Move rate slow
 * Red = Fire rate slow





Color Mixing:
prime + prime = secondary
prime + secondary = prime
secondary + secondary = dark (brown or black)

Brown/Black units:
Since they're close to inky in color, maybe special in that they're immune to inky damage.
Either that or they're weak, slow, a wasted unit basically. Maybe have a sad face? =]

Catapult:
One click catapult shot - MOVING TARGETS!
Way for the guys to survive the catapult fall, safety zone.
Trampoline that bounces them around?
Land on sponges?

Paintball gun: 
1 guy serves as ammo of that color, lasts 10 shots and kills the guy. Way of attacking Inkys? Smaller than catapult shot, but faster.

Balancing Scales puzzle idea - You have to put so many guys on one side to move the other. 
Or there could be a bridge but a guy can only walk on it if the guys are balanced underneath. Like the bridge is the top part of the scales.

Popup puzzle idea -
I could see the catapult combined with a puzzle like maybe you have to hit them in a certain order
or those puzzles where if you hit one the other one pops up, so you have to figure out how to get all three down.


== TD MODE ==

 * Defenders get a direct AOE damage bomb.
 * Defender gets bonuses resources the longer he keeps attacker away from checkpoints (perhaps every 30 seconds), bonus diminishes for closer checkpoints to goal.
 * Checkpoints turn into safety zones when captured. Where units are protected from fire for a certain sized radius.
 * Checkpoints turn into launchers?
 * Random spawns for resource bonuses?
 * Game mode: Static time for high score. Score as many points within a set time. Opponent then gets same time to attempt beat that score.
 * Game mode: Static score for best time. Try to reach a set score, time is recorded when achieved. Opponent then gets has that achieved time or less to attempt achieve the set score.
 * Game mode: Have to get the Goal to be a particular color. Each unit that makes it changes the color of Goal slightly to be its color on contact.

===Units===

* Need a mega unit, as an ability perhaps?

Grunt - No special ability. Only unit that can score points when reaching goal?
Healer - Heals units in a radius and a set interval. +Strength = +Health tick. Perhaps alt ability is cleansing effects like slow, lowering duration?
Tank - Draws fire of direct fire towers for unit within radius, damage reduction from AoE for units within radius. +Strength = +Damage Reduction + radius?. Tank reduction stack? Must have hard cap.
? Salvager - If we have bonuses, or mini objectives that (randomly? after a certain number of unit deaths/successes?) drop on the course, The salvager unit is intended to 'fetch' those bonuses, and is the only unit that can pick them up. Perhaps unit recoops cost of dead units in radius. Does not count for points when reach goal.

? Cloaker - Hides units from being targetted around it. AoE will still hit cloaked units.

? When a unit dies, it drops resources. (which floats back to the beginning and is recooped?).

Emitters now contain queues, no squads.
Credits charged at launch.
Launch shows queue to defender with countdown.
? Perhaps painting units cost more for attacker since they're not "modifying" existing units now, and are creating from scratch each time.
Unit Types
Each shape represents a different function, not just speed.
One unit might be a tower lockdown AOE.
One unit might be a Healer unit.
Soaker, slow, able to take hits
Runner fast, weak
Aggro puller
Effect, anti-slow, anti-dot

===Towers===